README.md, before:



# decisions: Archival records of decisions made about tools or processes we use in the Seedcase Project

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.17108628.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17108628)
[![Copier](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/copier-org/copier/master/img/badge/badge-grayscale-inverted-border-teal.json?raw=true.svg)](https://github.com/copier-org/copier)
[![GitHub
License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/seedcase-project/decisions.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![GitHub
Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/seedcase-project/decisions.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/releases/latest)
[![Build
website](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/actions/workflows/build-website.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/actions/workflows/build-website.yml)
[![pre-commit.ci
status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/seedcase-project/decisions/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/seedcase-project/decisions/main)
[![lifecycle](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/figures/lifecycle-experimental.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable
state and is being actively
developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)

This repository contains files related to decisions we’ve made for
processes, workflows, tools, and services. They follow the style of a
[“decision record”](https://adr.github.io/).

> [!TIP]
>
> This website repository was generated from the
> [`template-website`](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website)
> Seedcase template :tada:

## Project files and folders

- `.copier-answers.yml`: Contains the answers you gave when copying the
  project from the template. **You should not modify this file
  directly.**
- `.cz.toml`:
  [Commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/)
  configuration file for managing versions and changelogs.
- `.pre-commit-config.yaml`: [Pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)
  configuration file for managing and running checks before each commit.
- `.typos.toml`: [typos](https://github.com/crate-ci/typos) spell
  checker configuration file.
- `.zenodo.json`: Structured citation metadata for your project when
  archived on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/). This is used to add the
  metadata to Zenodo when a GitHub release has been uploaded to Zenodo.
- `justfile`: [`just`](https://just.systems/man/en/) configuration file
  for scripting project tasks.
- `.editorconfig`: Editor configuration file for
  [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/) to maintain consistent
  coding styles across different editors and IDEs.
- `CHANGELOG.md`: Changelog file for tracking changes in the project.
- `CONTRIBUTING.md`: Guidelines for contributing to the project.
- `.github/`: Contains GitHub-specific files, such as issue and pull
  request templates, workflows,
  [dependabot](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/getting-started/dependabot-quickstart-guide)
  configuration, pull request templates, and a
  [CODEOWNERS](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners)
  file.
- `_metadata.yml`: Quarto metadata file for the website, including
  information about the project, such as the titles and GitHub names.
- `_quarto.yml`: Quarto configuration file for the website, including
  settings for the website, such as the theme, navigation, and other
  options.

## Contributing

Check out our [contributing document](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information
on how to contribute to the project, including how to set up your
development environment.

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree
to abide by its terms.

### Contributors

The following people have contributed to this project by submitting pull
requests :tada:

[@lwjohnst86](https://github.com/lwjohnst86),
[@K-Beicher](https://github.com/K-Beicher),
[@signekb](https://github.com/signekb),
[@philter87](https://github.com/philter87),
[@martonvago](https://github.com/martonvago)

## Licensing

This project is licensed under the [CC-BY-4.0 License](LICENSE.md).

## Changelog

For a list of changes, see our [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) page.

Commit message:

style: :art: ran Markdown formatter (and resolved some issues)

README.md, after:



# decisions: Archival records of decisions made about tools or processes we use in the Seedcase Project

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.17108628.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17108628)
[![Copier](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/copier-org/copier/master/img/badge/badge-grayscale-inverted-border-teal.json?raw=true.svg)](https://github.com/copier-org/copier)
[![GitHub
License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/seedcase-project/decisions.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![GitHub
Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/seedcase-project/decisions.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/releases/latest)
[![Build
website](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/actions/workflows/build-website.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions/actions/workflows/build-website.yml)
[![pre-commit.ci
status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/seedcase-project/decisions/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/seedcase-project/decisions/main)
[![lifecycle](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/figures/lifecycle-experimental.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable
state and is being actively
developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)

This repository contains files related to decisions we’ve made for
processes, workflows, tools, and services. They follow the style of a
[“decision record”](https://adr.github.io/).

> [!TIP]
>
> This website repository was generated from the
> [`template-website`](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website)
> Seedcase template :tada:

## Project files and folders

- `.copier-answers.yml`: Contains the answers you gave when copying the
  project from the template. **You should not modify this file
  directly.**
- `.cz.toml`:
  [Commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/)
  configuration file for managing versions and changelogs.
- `.pre-commit-config.yaml`: [Pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)
  configuration file for managing and running checks before each commit.
- `.typos.toml`: [typos](https://github.com/crate-ci/typos) spell
  checker configuration file.
- `.zenodo.json`: Structured citation metadata for your project when
  archived on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/). This is used to add the
  metadata to Zenodo when a GitHub release has been uploaded to Zenodo.
- `justfile`: [`just`](https://just.systems/man/en/) configuration file
  for scripting project tasks.
- `.editorconfig`: Editor configuration file for
  [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/) to maintain consistent
  coding styles across different editors and IDEs.
- `CHANGELOG.md`: Changelog file for tracking changes in the project.
- `CONTRIBUTING.md`: Guidelines for contributing to the project.
- `.github/`: Contains GitHub-specific files, such as issue and pull
  request templates, workflows,
  [dependabot](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/getting-started/dependabot-quickstart-guide)
  configuration, pull request templates, and a
  [CODEOWNERS](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners)
  file.
- `_metadata.yml`: Quarto metadata file for the website, including
  information about the project, such as the titles and GitHub names.
- `_quarto.yml`: Quarto configuration file for the website, including
  settings for the website, such as the theme, navigation, and other
  options.
- `.rumdl.toml`: [rumdl](https://rumdl.dev) configuration file for
  formatting Markdown files in the project.

## Contributing

Check out our [contributing document](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information
on how to contribute to the project, including how to set up your
development environment.

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating in this project you agree
to abide by its terms.

### Contributors

The following people have contributed to this project by submitting pull
requests :tada:

[@lwjohnst86](https://github.com/lwjohnst86),
[@K-Beicher](https://github.com/K-Beicher),
[@signekb](https://github.com/signekb),
[@philter87](https://github.com/philter87),
[@martonvago](https://github.com/martonvago)

## Licensing

This project is licensed under the [CC-BY-4.0 License](LICENSE.md).

## Changelog

For a list of changes, see our [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) page.
